# Athena
Athena is a blockchain based justice system, which main focus is to offer a decentralized solution to conflicts that may occur inside a community. The target audience is any group of people that, for their mutual benefit, agreed to follow a set of rules and want to have a way of moderating possible conflicts.

## How it works
The Athena blockchain works by having a diversity of transaction types, with the contract being the most important one. A contract can be created by any user, but it will only have value when other users sign it, that means the whole process is voluntary and no one needs to follow any rules that they haven't agreed before, nor they have to trust in someone they did not want to. When someone signs a contract, he is saying that he agrees with the rules written and that he promisses to follow them, in exchange he wants to be part of a *community*. A *community* is made when five or more people, that signed a contract, recognize each other as a part of their group by sending a transaction of type **recognition**. All parts have to be recognized to make a valid *community*. After a group is formed, any member can accuse someone of breaking a rule by sending a transaction of type **accusation** and this will then be judged by a member chosen by the accuser, a member chosen by the accusated and by a jury composed of the members of this group, with each one having a vote. If there is a tie in the group decision, the vote will then be made in favour of the accusated.

## How it is better than the current justice system
The main reasons our current system is not very good is beacuse it is not voluntary, it is corrupted, it is incompetent and the victim does not earn any thing after being wronged. Most of these bad aspects come from the fact that our justice system is centralized and that there is no real incentive for judges to make the right decision and not to accept bribery other than the fear of being fired, which most of the times does not materialize, because, again, it is centralized. Athena solve all of this issues by being a decentralized, immutable and voluntary network. It is decentralized in the sense that there is no central authority that controls Athena or its nodes. It is immutable in the sense that, because of the nature of a blockchain, no one is able to change a contract unless every member agrees. It is voluntary in the sense that no one is forced to accept other people rules with the exception of the natural rule of not attacking other people. Athena also offers an incentive to judges in order for them to make the right decision: money. Every judge is paid and if it is later proved that he made the wrong decision, he has to give the money he received back and pay a fine to the victim, that is calculated according to what he lost in this process.

## What injustices may occur
There is no trustless justice system and unless we can find a way to make machines that judge our cases, there will never be a perfect justice system. Athena is not different , if one wants to be part of a community he needs to trust that at least the majority is honest and will be good members, if that is not the case, there is no point on being in a group.